i put 100 people inside of a giant
circle and whoever leaves the circle
last wins 500 000 but if you touch the
red line
it's game over i don't care how long
this takes whichever one of you leaves
last wins half a million dollars
five hundred thousand dollars oh i
cleared my schedule i am literally good
for the next three weeks carolina takes
weeks months it doesn't matter how long
are you staying in this circle well i
took off work until january first you
took off work for the next six months
literally 100 people this place is
packed they brought grass down the
possibilities
there's only one smart thing to do is to
begin the hibernating process
this guy right here is already thinking
about getting out he might be our first
loser to be honest there's a hundred
people here i'm not gonna win what's the
point hey everybody this guy just said
he wants to get out all right let's see
it
he's over playing this so much just step
out
even though you got out first i still
have a prize for you just wait here
congratulations you just won a brand new
car for being first out who would have
thought being a loser would pay off
someone just left honestly i knew he'd
be first i smelled the weakness from the
beginning massive morale boost if
everyone's weak like that they're gonna
be gone in no time time to update the
board 99 remain good luck knowing they
can win a random prize definitely wore a
few people down and after a couple of
hours things got a little emotional this
is gonna change my life tomorrow i'm
gonna take a lot of this and pay my
bills thank you so much i was not
expecting that she's got me about to cry
i can't wait to see how the person that
wins the half a million dollars at the
end of the video reacts we're about to
raise the stakes i hope you guys like
filet mignon we got you all escaped
they said the filet mignons yeah i'm
just casually eating a steak and a pile
of money they're gonna be feeding us
like this i could be here like for the
rest of the year it's now night time of
the first day and 94 people are still in
this little do they know i have
something in store for them in the
morning now it's time i introduced the
twist
at the end of each day we're gonna
shrink the circle a little bit
we're going to bring the new line to
is that good i'll do a little bit more
all right i'll go ahead and start
filling it in
nope when the camera cuts someone else
will do it
after seeing the new circle a few people
started to crack
jimmy jimmy so you're gonna play him and
rock paper scissors if you lose you'll
get up are you kidding
rock paper scissors shoot
imagine losing 500 000 on a single game
of rock paper scissors that was the
dumbest thing ever there was no upside
they just wouldn't stop getting out one
after another it seems like two days in
a circle is most people's limit there's
someone sleeping on a cereal box
it's nighttime of the second day and
carl decided to start some trouble one
second
i think i just watched one of the guys
reach over the line
no way
oh that's half a million dollars with
fruit snacks right there i don't know
who threw the gummies
not only have the contestants spent
three days in that circle but we've
spent three days living here i've been
sleeping in that rv morale's getting a
little low hoping breakfast is uh
something a little bit better oatmeal
boredom's starting to settle i don't
like oatmeal it tastes like wet
cardboard so this is pretty rough to be
honest the circle's gonna shrink again
not looking forward to that it's the
start of the third day so we gotta
shrink the circle again
[Music]
i'm not letting chandler do this again
chandler made this light so long this is
kind of boring
now the circle is fully painted as you
can see we took a lot of space out of
this circle and while we were painting
it throughout this challenge we realized
that if we give people things to do
they'll occasionally mess up and touch
the line which is exactly why we put
this soccer goal here to see if we can
get some people out
i'm crossing my fingers i'm crossing my
things
you stepped on it right there
the soccer goal worked
it's the start of day number four so we
gotta shrink the circle again chandler
i'm gonna trust you
this is like three more feet i'll see
you when it's done
and there you go it literally took two
seconds to fill in the
that's a lie line like magic you're
lying
it's been a few hours since someone got
out carl i know what i need to do i
wanted to give you guys music to listen
to
[Music]
it's just a 10-hour loop does that make
anyone want to get out this is music to
my ears because i press snooze every
time do you think anybody's going to
leave because of this i don't think
anybody's going to leave because so you
were saying you would get out for a
brand new iphone yeah i need a new phone
badly here you go right off into the
sunset now that she's out we're gonna
keep playing that they didn't like the
phone alarm sound so now i'm playing man
screaming
[Applause]
hello
it's just a fever dream now everyone
wakes up screaming
alive slowing down a little bit but i'm
gonna try to keep going all right
everybody you know what time it is we
gotta shrink this circle
right there jump cut boom i can move now
the circle keeps getting smaller and
people are dropping like flies
halfway done
[Music]
grass ball has taken over my entire
mental capacity that's all i can think
about
i'm losing brain cells by the second i
just lost 10. we started day six like
usual by shrinking the circle since they
want me to take a lot i'm just gonna
take a little bit and then i made a
mistake by putting nolan in charge if
anybody's butt even touches a blade of
grass you're out it's been five seconds
and he's already instigated
no making fun of nolan the standing
challenge got one contestant out sorry
bro simon says hit yourself in the face
simon says do a push-up i can't do a
push-up
touching the ground so i'm not doing
that all right just don't do it then
your knee touched unfortunately your
knee did touch the ground here's your
thousand dollars
i have so much power is this what jimmy
feels like
[Music]
do you all know why the party lights are
on because you survived an entire week
inside of the
circle to celebrate an entire week
inside of this circle i decided to give
them a challenge with the tesla as a
prize who wants a tesla
the boys are rolling out a special tarp
starting now all of you can walk on this
thing right here if you can ride this
and touch the tesla without touching the
ground i'll let you keep it no you're
not doing it i'm just scared okay oh
he's gonna run all right everybody's
back up let's see this running he's
running
they're literally engineering a team to
win this manifesto all right he's on the
tire they're about to launch
no
did he step out okay everyone time out
we got review footage we'll be right
back unfortunately cory definitely
stepped on the line get rid of the
thousand dollars give him five thousand
dollars thank you for putting others
above yourself then finally with the
help of iraq to give a momentum jack did
the unthinkable
[Music]
[Applause]
before i brought the tesla in we had 36
people now we're down to 32. the numbers
are dwindling it's day 8 and we needed
to do something different so we split
the contestants up by their shirt colors
into quadrants today is day number eight
and so far no one's gotten out so i made
this mystery wheel because we need to
get some people out who wants to spin it
i'll spin it
spin it hard though not no like half
spin that's exactly what i was looking
for
congratulations you just won three
thousand dollars he just spun and won
three grand and he's going again david
go for it
all right let's see it
he found an infinite money glitch
how does he keep doing this jimmy came
out saying we gotta get people out and
david is rocking three briefcases i just
don't think that could have gone any
worse it's day nine and we lost another
person during the evening but then
something happened that i never would
have expected
oh my god
did you guys see that one coming no
let's give it up for them
congratulations
sounds like we need to get a briefcase
for ten thousand dollars to go towards
the wedding
i've been in a circle for the past nine
days but i could not be happier now it's
time for a very important message
we were too lazy to write the other half
but you should still subscribe are you
guys subscribed
that's exactly why they're here hit the
button you could be in a video
and now it's time to shrink the circle
for the day or instead of shrinking the
circle we're expanding the lines but now
it's time to introduce the difficult
part earlier i asked them to pair up and
now we're going to be duct taping the
pairs together for the day for the rest
of the day you could also no longer sit
down
day nine and guess what they did to us
let's go
forever together forever together
forever
how are you feeling i don't really like
my partner that much so it's gonna be
kind of hard well this is awkward
earlier when i was explaining the rules
this happened and i had the replay right
here and as you can see he stepped on
the line deal man first he loses a
lamborghini and now half a million
dollars neil buddy i pulled up the
footage it's on the line i'm sorry neil
all right i guess i'll take my wall
here's two thousand dollars
what's wrong we've been final two this
whole time from day one and i was hoping
i'd be there with him at the end but
it's the game i've never seen a cure at
this determined before he looks like a
man that's gonna win this mark my words
that man's gonna win this challenge i
promise you get it here boys put the
balance beam on that quadrant bring it
on over now this is ten thousand dollars
in cash i'm gonna set it right here any
tankers ten grand on the line don't
think about how this took nine days and
if you fall it's all for nothing oh
god let's see if david's luck continues
i assume by your stance you do
gymnastics i do yeah i can tell you look
very calm
all right all right that's all you it's
wiggling it's wobbling why did we let a
gymnast in this circle
[Applause]
david has so far won nineteen thousand
dollars without leaving the circle if
anyone else not named david wants to
have a go here's another ten thousand
dollars and he's off there here's the
bench that's a good pivot that's a good
pivot how is everyone just robbing me of
money at the moment i told you it was
easy
[Applause]
boys boys the balance beams got to go
that did not go like i thought it would
here's what the circle looked like at
the start with 100 people inside and
this is what it looks like now on day 9
with only 25 people
by day 10 we decided to just mess up the
circle completely and at this point our
luckiest contestant david had a really
strange request you wanted your magic
8-ball i want to ask you if i should get
out right now or if i should stick it
through magic 8-ball should i leave the
circle right now yes
boy
indications say yes so it literally says
yes
congratulations you just won another
five grand on top of the 19 grand you
won anyone else want to shake the magic
eight ball
no we're good he's literally walking
away with four briefcases of money i'm
just glad i could be a part of it i'm
glad you had fun bring out the thing the
thing's coming majority of the balloons
have fun prizes some of the balloons
have punishments punishments included
being double blindfolded or having to
wear a giant shoe bander which one
should i go for that one
you have to do a hundred push-ups before
midnight yo my bad other contestants got
prizes you just want a go-cart
you actually won two thousand dollars
here you go some contestants had a
little trouble with
pillow the balloons
blanket i can finally sleep
oh you're not worse than classy
you can have goldfish whenever you want
who actually likes goldfish i do
you gotta tape your feet to someone
until the morning
you have to sit on the tire swing until
the morning and now we are done with the
balloon wall
that was fun whoa remember if you touch
the ground you're out sure yes sir cool
we're going through the net baby we're
gonna get this
another long night in the circle let's
see how they're holding up welcome to my
crib i hit it here it's six am you can
take your shoe off but i also have to
take the blanket and pillow
i'm sorry this is getting ridiculous not
even the tiger swing guy got out last
night we need to make things harder
there is 20 of you left and i have 20
little circles of grass that's not that
much room exactly and all the remaining
contestants have 10 seconds to get on
one of them
boys fill in the circle
everyone that gets out in the next few
minutes i'll give you ten thousand
dollars in cash if not for the next 24
hours we're dropping it down to two
grand we're not doing anything the rest
of the night we're not really doing much
tomorrow it's just standing i'd take a
deal now while you can how many minutes
what do we have like three or four have
fun what an insane ultimatum nope i
ain't leaving are people going to step
out for 10 or are going to fight it out
for 24 hours we'll see this offer is
going to go away in three minutes
it's been here so long that's rough
that's right he's thinking about it you
join the playstation 5 for you i'll
throw in a playstation 5.
william just stepped out william just
stepped out one step closer guys we just
lost will to the 10 000 offer the smile
on his face is so
big these people are tougher than i
thought i wonder if any of them regret
not taking the 10 grand i just don't
know if i could forgive myself if i took
it i shouldn't tip 10 000. not the
smartest decision i'm not the smartest
man i wouldn't have left if you didn't
throw the ps5 in that's a fact the only
thing we can really do now is wait
akira you've been standing for 10 hours
straight now what's happening i can't
take it anymore and i got to think about
my future so
good luck everybody
i've been standing for 18 hours i'm not
having fun anymore mentally i'm still in
it physically i'm still in it i just
threw a whole bunch of cold water on
myself i just slapped myself like 20
times i'm not going anywhere all right
you guys see the laptop you see that
blade of grass right there i see that
one you got out literally by a single
blade of grass oh he's falling
it has officially been 24 hours of
standing how are you liking your little
island that was pretty small it's time
to shrink them even more great we got
outlines of your feet as you can see
it's barely bigger than his foot
everyone you have 10 seconds to get on
them we can just throw these away we're
trying to get them down to 10
contestants left hopefully this offer
scares the rest of them out but we can
move on if anyone gets out in the next
few minutes i'll give you ten thousand
and one dollar you get an extra dollar
for staying another day oh he's already
out okay we got one two oh we got two
tankers we're getting them
i almost dropped it oh we got another
one let's go
boy come on boy
we are now in the top 10 people
you think she just won the half a
million dollars look around there are
less than 10 people opposing you and
half a million dollars good luck one of
you is winning this i was dead tired
before this top 10 now i could do this
for another two days closing in on the
end of day 12 and it's time for me to
show you guys why this question mark is
here why is this question working you're
about to find out it is time i introduce
the plot twist of the century this video
is actually two parts and this was just
part number one no
we're gonna be playing tag to see which
one of you actually wins the half
million dollars contestants make sure
you get a good night's rest tonight
because tomorrow will be the most
important day of your lives if you
haven't already hit that subscribe
button so in the next video you can see
which one of these people wins this half
a million dollars i'll see you then
[Music]